oh here and the beautiful Los Angeles
starting out the video but I'm hanging
out with some friends so let's get some
other people to intro this video we're
out here on a beautiful Sunday in Santa
Monica
John over here what's up just turned up
her Valentine's Lincoln bio I tell you
what so not only did he top some Game
Boys for us to play with he was playing
Pokemon so much just one I don't know if
you guys have heard of it pokemons this
game was like these animals and you this
is the other thing that he he got me
which is a impossible analog instant
camera I won it yeah it's basically a
polaroid camera with a ring light and it
also has an app that you can download to
connect to it right so I was like we
need to
this out and see what it looks like but
Oh first things first is the unboxing oh
yeah and I need your help
is actually really cool yeah don't
undertake a project unless it is
manifestly important and nearly
impossible packaging is actually since
yeah I'm surprised nothing is amazing
for suppressions and I can't wait
I've always wanted a Polaroid camera and
this is a futuristic managed shines a
light upon dying face so the lighting
isn't bad which is like the usual
problems Polaroid oh it says charged
fully before you that's good so hit the
subscribe button down below your video
is done I've never owned a Polaroid
camera before either by so the fact that
my first one is the one like the digital
age became very easier good yeah but I
think I'm also going to get hate
comments we're the real OG once your
photos are fade yeah
[Music]
we are on the way to go get film because
we don't have any felon that of course
we need to charge the camera however we
have the lovely lovely Jonathan driving
[Music]
that's my name guys I'm a youtuber as
well you can watch my interview on
creative exchange oh yeah should we go
all relationship yeah nitty-gritty how
do you feel like it went John the
interview yeah it was awesome it was
super good it was just girlfriend and
boyfriend hanging out but a lot of
people liked the fact that it seemed
that we were super impartial to each
other we were talking yeah I love when I
listen to it there you go that's good I
[Music]
type hours which is your I won and so
it's anything that's a 600 so here's the
color with the white borders and the
black and white with the random color
board love it twenty hours each each one
of these has only eight instant photos
what $20
and you go how many packs I got for it
so to take 32 pictures on this
impossible camera these instant pictures
that was $80 a little bit over $80
you've got to be joking
this is what other people who do playboy
pay and it's funny the lady in there was
basically like yeah Polaroid did this
impossible project when they were going
out of business to try to get some
excitement around the film community an
instant I'm like dude if you have to pay
$20 to just take eight pictures no
wonder you're out of business no wonder
you're out of business Polaroid but I
mean Here I am still doing it yeah I
only have one week left in LA
the idea is to have the rest of these
pictures just up the rest of my trip
[Music]
John ani what's up
we're in LA yeah and these are all my
New York friends but why do you wanna
leave Oh earn New York why did I look
here why does everyone love New York
that much I mean your app is great I
love the people like these people and
like just everyone else and like the
hustle but like you're probably too used
in New York yeah I'm from Pennsylvania
and I just love how everything here is
like a studio waiting to happen
just like a wall is like it could be a
sick backdrop and is dirty it's so
crowded it's right I love it for that
I'm gonna sound like it's what you're
you know I'm really gonna so I it's new
to me stuff it's maybe in like six
months I feel the same way you do we're
literally all like no New York stop
bunny
[Music]
[Applause]
oh look at audio I just got it's time to
make ani Instagram or I'm ready
[Music]
so one of the coolest things about this
Polaroid camera is it's the Polaroid
camera of the future so you can use your
phone and you can do many things that
you wouldn't normally be able to do with
a normal Polaroid camera so you have the
remote trigger
manual mode self timer double exposure
noise trigger I want to try the self
timer maybe we get a selfie up in here
with the whole group
[Music]
the camera has to screw on the bottom so
you can use on the tripod I'm gonna try
out manual mode so basically it just
shows what my camera phone is showing
but I thought that it would show at the
camera the shine maybe you frame it with
this and then take picture that makes
more sense
[Music]
okay it is time to reveal the double
exposure I haven't even seen it yet so
whoa okay so it works it doesn't look
the best but I can tell that this has
potential hey so there's me in the
background here's the planet so maybe
the trick is to just have me darker okay
so I figure out how to do the double
exposure I'm gonna work on it I've
actually grown more familiar with that
so I feel good about it hopefully I can
take some better polaroid pictures in
the future than this one the the
headless dog I like to call it well you
know I I got some really pretty ones I
really enjoyed this process and I think
I am going to do some more Polaroids in
the future it's fun especially with the
grill of the water and yeah that's when
the color borders do really well is when
it's like you have ocean so the green
compliment is the stack of good pictures
I'm going to keep and then here the
terrible ones that just like what what
happened so I have more good than that
that's good all of the people that have
been in this video and the camera all of
the links will be in the description
below John thanks for those fancy
cameras you already know that I got you
girl and I look forward to taking more
pictures this isn't sponsored or
anything I just like new gadgets and
it's fun to play around with them and
share the process with you guys if you
guys have not watched the recent podcast
I'm putting out new podcast every single
Monday what are you doing if you haven't
watched it yet but I interviewed the hit
CEO hint water Kara golden check it out
now it was lit people don't say that
anymore
it was very balanced Valon inspiring
good thank you guys so much for watching
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week stay be in
shape okay how did you do this
okay so that want me what you did and
that one was actually really difficult I
composed it in a way that I really can't
tell anyone because it's so art and so
much like my secret
yeah it's like you got the sunset at the
right time yeah it's really that's my
beautiful sunset picture it speaks
volumes yeah it's alright yeah you
shouldn't be my cousin she does a lot of
stuff others too yeah
is she through years old she literally
three yeah yeah she's four and okay
she's four
[Music]